README.md, before:

# 🛡 CoBot-Self-Analysis tool for COVID19
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Jatin-8898/covid-bot?logo=MIT)](https://github.com/arun925/cobot-self-analysis/blob/master/LICENSE)
![Python Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-blue)

Whatsapp bot which provides the number of cases/deaths reported worldwide as well in some countries like
* India 
* USA 
* China 
* Italy

It also provides some prevention measures inspired from the Government of India Corona Bot.

## 🚀 Features
- Stats of Corona Virus cases WorldWide
- Stats of Corona Virus cases happening in India, USA, China, Italy
- How does it spread and how to prevent it?
- Its reliable source of data 
- Its ROBUST! 
- Self Analysis questions

##  💻 Prereqisites
* [Python 3.7](https://www.python.org/downloads/) or newer
* Virtual environment python plugin (Installation steps are given below).
* [Flask](https://palletsprojects.com/p/flask/) web application framework for Python
* A smartphone with an active phone number and WhatsApp installed.
* A [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/) account

## 📝 Usage 

To use this bot simply send a WhatsApp message to **(+1) 415523 8886** with code **join weak-solid**.
It will show a message saying connected to sandbox.
Now start talking by saying  **Hi | India | USA | Italy** and it will display the followup chats.

### 📘 Installation

$ pip install virtualenv

$ virualenv cobot


$ pip install flask
$ pip install twilio
$ pip install request

### References
[Medium tutorial](https://www.twilio.com/blog/build-a-whatsapp-chatbot-with-python-flask-and-twilio)

[Covid API](https://github.com/javieraviles/covidAPI)

Commit message:

Adding few details related to new features

README.md, after:

# 🛡 CoBot-Self-Analysis tool for COVID19
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Jatin-8898/covid-bot?logo=MIT)](https://github.com/arun925/cobot-self-analysis/blob/master/LICENSE)
![Python Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-blue)

Whatsapp bot which provides details on the latest updates in INDIA. It also helps in self analyzing and identify the fake news

It also provides some prevention measures inspired from the Government of India Corona Bot.

## 🚀 Features
- Stats of Corona Virus cases WorldWide
- Stats of Corona Virus cases happening in India
- Stats of Corona Virus cases happening in Indian statewise details
- Contact details for statewise government phone numbers
- How does it spread and how to prevent it?
- Hospital and bed information - Statewise
- Finding Fake news
- Self Analysis questions

##  💻 Prereqisites
* [Python 3.7](https://www.python.org/downloads/) or newer
* Virtual environment python plugin (Installation steps are given below).
* [Flask](https://palletsprojects.com/p/flask/) web application framework for Python
* A smartphone with an active phone number and WhatsApp installed.
* A [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/) account

## 📝 Usage 

To use this bot simply send a WhatsApp message to **(+1) 415523 8886** with code **join weak-solid**.
It will show a message saying connected to sandbox.
Now start talking by saying  **Hi | India | USA | Italy** and it will display the followup chats.

### 📘 Installation

$ pip install virtualenv

$ virualenv cobot


$ pip install flask
$ pip install twilio
$ pip install request

### References
[Medium tutorial](https://www.twilio.com/blog/build-a-whatsapp-chatbot-with-python-flask-and-twilio)

[Covid API](https://github.com/javieraviles/covidAPI)

[Covid API INDIA](https://github.com/amodm/api-covid19-in)
